the subliminal messages have been
used for a very long time and it is
that you could say that using messages
subliminal in the creation of movies
animated is the disney way of
have a little fun with the audience
thus introducing words or sentences
highly inappropriate movies
children as we all know disney
it has always been the object of quantities
innumerable accusations of
different types either by basing their
stories in real stories
extremely badly effective or for having
hidden messages in its famous
animated movies today I bring you to
you 10 hidden sexual messages in
the number 1 Disney movies are
sex network to 2 the adaptation of rapunzel in
the relatively new movie
Tangled was published a while ago
back it includes a promotional poster
that contained the letters sx hidden in
this poster were the characters
main as flynn rapunzel maximum
and pascal they looked like a funny
interpretation of the movie until
a person started to analyze the
situation and he found another one of the
disney pranks this could be
blame pure and simple chance but
if we see it in perspective what are
the odds of a poster
created by a company like Disney it
wrong and unintentionally put these
three letters
is also that Disney already had a reputation for
do this before so the
chance he just did not play a
real paper I do not understand you want to use
these disney people are like I'm
boring I'm going to put a word
incredibly inappropriate as sex in
a story for children and the number two
is at the dim says good teenagers
take off your clothes if we remember well the
movie of the dim there is a scene where
the protagonist flies towards the balcony of
jasmine and is received by the tiger of
jasmine called raja at that time can
listen to a subtle voice in the background that
says teenagers take five clouds that in
Spanish could be translated to
good teens take off your clothes or
something like that , listen carefully
realize the way he says it
aladdin
Disney has always denied him
claiming that his movie in that part
of the script said something different but from
same way because they did that aladir
will whisper instead of just
say it I guess we'll never know
but of course that part of the
movie you hear something that should not
be there number 3 is the lion king 'of
sex then if disney did it again a
new 4 year old child new
york saw this image I bet you what
you want you never saw this
sure they were very busy watching the
majestic lion going through little more than
half movie
we can observe a new land that
is formed when simba pumba and rudder are
called these were seeing the
stars of a cliff if you see from
stopped the newly formed cloud of
Earth seems to spell the word
sex that in Spanish would translate to sex
number 4 we have the friend of box bond
and I think we can all remember this
incredibly funny caricature box
bone was very funny and completely
healthy not good not not
in 1942 a chapter was given to air the
called rabbit that came to dinner in
this specific episode showed a
little more than we needed to see if
pay attention to the image and
observe carefully may be given
realize that there is something more
two animated characters in that scene
maybe some will say that simply the
space between the legs of the adorable
rabbit but if it was like that because to do
this scene in this way so that
it seemed like something else I guess I never
we'll know disney's thanks for ruining
my cartoons once again number five
is the erection minister when we were
children I'm more than sure that more than
one of us was on the edge of
our chair in this scene the witch
Úrsula had not only achieved a
attractive human body and hypnotized the
prince eric to love her but that
in addition he had stolen the voice ariel and
to do all this better was
making married by a minister during
Ursula's wedding in the animated movie
of the little mermaid we can observe a
small bulge coming out of the region
pelvic minister the bundle was made
so that later
It seems that it was the knee of the
minister but I think we all know what
that I really wanted to be disney to
create this scene number 6 is the
cover of the lion king 'in the year 2002 the
Lion King was released for a second time
in theaters around the world for a
limited time
during this time only the first end
the week the film managed to raise more
1.5 million
more than 15.5 the first view the poster
of the movie looks pretty innocent and
even striking but when analyzing this
image more closely and had
we can clearly observe what
she looks like a half-naked woman wearing what
that seems to be a thong in the way
that is, we have to accept the disney
very good way to hide your message
hidden number 7 is the strange castle
of the little mermaid in some copies of vhs
of the little mermaid we can observe something that
It seems to be more than just a tower
a castle the rumor says that the artist
who created this did it in a way
vengeful and here he's going to be fired and it's
that has so much similarity to the organ
male reproductive that is almost
impossible to see it as something else
nevertheless disney acclaimed that the rumor
was false and that the artist in no
moment he was going to lose his job and that the
who created the cover not even
the artist worked for the company
he said back that he was rushed to
finish the job so he did not give
much importance to the background or things
that drew something that does not have much
meaning if they ask me number 8
there are the private parts of jessica
serious if you're the kind of person who
excited by more animated characters
such as jessica rabbit I think that I
I would see in versionar what is more look
help luckily for you
of the movie called who cheated on
roger rabbit launched one another
in front of this character without clothes
interior in scene where jessica rabbit
is going through a tuna village in the
animated car with bob hoskins
we can see if we look
carefully when it is released
out of the taxi what appear to be
your private parts can observe how
her dress gets up and gives us something to see
that looks like britney I guess everything
this time in front of the computer
drawing animated characters like this
woman if a man can affect you
number 9 is the nude woman that
I would have imagined that a movie
that will involve a couple of mice
trying to save a girl from a
band of treasure hunters and going to
have such a revelation not
literally while white and bernard
flying around the city in a box
sardines tied to a car we can
observe that she is a naked woman without
underwear on top and that
rhyme how weird
I suppose that at this moment is where you
you hope that there is a story
hidden or that is simply a lie or
it was denied, well, that's not
so it will happen in this scene if there is
the that does not occur after 38 minutes
the movie disney has said that this
image was not edited but rather
they confirmed that if he was in the movie
and they realized this
20 years of releasing the film to the market
again intake number the joke of
oral sex the brave toaster is a
pretty dark movie is scary and
we can also see abandon problems
personal shortcomings and shortcomings
quite dark is also the part of
oral sex in which the air
conditioning basically tells the
Vacuum cleaner
I'm really scared kerry what
You are going to make me suck until I die
although I have been quite disturbing and
may have damaged childhood
to more than one this has been the whole video
I really hope you liked it and
if it was like that, give it to me, do not forget
subscribe by clicking on the red button
to receive notifications of when
I upload a new video thank you for watching it and
greetings to all
[Music]